my coal got worse so I did the rest of
the day off
hey me too don't make some tea but I I
brought my work home with me I like this
place
it makes me think I'm in Europe I wish
we could get a drink why don't you order
two carrot juices and I'll run get us in
fact all right my name is Omer
hi Nina hello mean let's just get on
past the awkward place right now rueful
who says we have feel stupid just cos we
showed up in the same place okay there's
nothing to it I don't know what I'm
doing when I get up in the morning I
always know what I'm doing when I get up
in the morning the bathroom Oh miss
skinny and ever couple you ban black
lots of sugar a total drop good morning
what do you want
come on I came to see Elmo no like I
thought I told you quit bugging my old
lady can I come in
why don't I feel hostile today if I'm in
love with Nina
that's my tragedy
to be in love with a woman who scorns
you as a problem to be in love with a
man or spongers a dilemma but to be in
love with your ex-wife is a tragedy my
body ached from the pain of being near
but not being able to touch her what
happened and her boyfriend beat me up
I've become a very sick man statement
that yogurt where's Arlene oh she's out
Davis a on now wanna dance
okay my heart was pounding just from
being Meera I felt alive - no this was
the way I'd have to spend the rest of my
life then so be it